docs/vault-k8s injector: update for v1.4.0 release (#25790)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/platform/k8s/injector/annotations.mdx

- `vault.hashicorp.com/template-config-exit-on-retry-failure` - controls whether
  Vault Agent exits after it has exhausted its number of template retry attempts
  due to failures. Defaults to `true`. See [Vault Agent Template
  Config](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template#global-configurations) for more details.

- `vault.hashicorp.com/template-static-secret-render-interval` - If specified,
  configures how often Vault Agent Template should render non-leased secrets such as KV v2.
  See [Vault Agent Template Config](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template#global-configurations) for more details.

- `vault.hashicorp.com/template-max-connections-per-host` - If specified, limits
  the total number of connections that the Vault Agent templating engine can use

>   for a particular Vault host. This limit includes connections in the dialing,
>   active, and idle states. See [Vault Agent Template Config](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template#global-configurations)
>   for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for a particular Vault host. The connection limit includes all connections in the dialing,
  active, and idle states. See [Vault Agent Template Config](/vault/docs/agent-and-proxy/agent/template#global-configurations)
  for more details.
```
